feat: React migration - Quality PR detail page, Quality commit detail page - ALA-643 ALA-739 (#1975)
codacy/docs: docs/faq/repositories/how-do-i-reanalyze-my-repository.md

    ![Selecting the last commit on a branch](images/reanalyze-repository-commits-list.png)

> 1.  Click the **Reanalyze** button to trigger a reanalysis.

Reviewer: This is now a link.
Also, can we describe the expected behavior when clicking the link? 
![image](https://github.com/codacy/docs/assets/26439949/dc99ca2a-750f-4f25-8252-a851984ae5b6)

Leaving a proposal for your evaluation:

```suggestion
1.  Click the **Reanalyze** link to trigger a reanalysis. Codacy will display the status of the reanalysis request.
```

    ![Selecting a pull request](images/reanalyze-repository-prs-list.png)

> 1.  Click the **Reanalyze** button to trigger a reanalysis.

Reviewer: Same feedback as above.
